# gopython documentation

*gopython* is a set of wrappers around [CPython API](https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/index.html). The usage of CPython API in the Golang is possible due to [cgo](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/cgo) library.

*gopython* provides high-level entities to work with the existing Python code, which would correlate with the Python language entities, providing an intuitive way to interact. Before considering each of the entities provided by the developed software layer, we should note that in CPython, almost any Python entity is represented in the form of PyObject structure. Provided entities are the following:
- *PythonModule* - encapsulates the CPython API calls to be made to create PyObject, which is a module. Once the module is successfully imported, any object in this module can be imported  using the GetClass method from this structure.
- *PythonClass* - the GetClass method of the PythonModule structure returns an instance of the PythonClass structure which is an entity that encapsulates interaction with PyObject, followed by a Python class. The only method of the PythonClass structure is the CreateObject method.
- PythonObject - the CreateObject method of the PythonClass structure returns an instance of the PythonObject structure which is an entity that encapsulates interaction with PyObject, followed by an object of some Python class. Methods of this structure are the following: CallMethod(name, args), HassAttr(name), GetAttr(name), GetType(), IsStandardType(), ToStandardGoType().
- PythonMethodArguments - this structure is responsible for passing arguments to the CreateObject and CallMethod methods of PythonClass and PythonObject structures respectively.